Add latest changes to RSKIP419 (#473)
rsksmart/RSKIPs: IPs/RSKIP419.md

- Sending back the UTXO to the current Powpeg (Proposed pegnatories signing)

The recommendation is that this phase takes approximately the blocks a peg-out confirmation has plus the bitcoin blocks needed to register the change, twice. And a couple of thousands more blocks to be safe.
- Mainnet: 20_000

> - Testnet: 2_000 - For testnet it is recommended to wait a bit longer as the Bitcoin miners don't tend to follow the 10' block creation time. _Disclaimer: this implies increasing the federation activation age value also, since the validation period has to be lower than the activation one._

Reviewer: Let's be clear what the new value is

Author: updated

commitFederationFailed(bytes proposedFederationRedeemScript, uint blockNumber)
```

### Other changes

> To follow EVM common practices, the `getProposedFederationCreationTime` Bridge's method returns the value from the epoch seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To follow EVM common practices, `getProposedFederationCreationTime` Bridge method returns the value from the epoch seconds.
```
I think that's the correct way. `Bridge method` instead of `Bridge's method`

Author: yep, updated!

> To be consistent with this, the creation time being returned from `getFederationCreationTime` and `getRetiringFederationCreationTime` Bridge's methods is modified to be this way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be consistent with this, the creation time being returned from `getFederationCreationTime` and `getRetiringFederationCreationTime` Bridge methods is modified to also return the value from the epoch seconds instead of milliseconds.
```
Feel free to change it, jus think we should be explicit on what the change is

Author: updated
